Dynamic dashboards are the pinnacle of Excel data visualization,
allowing users to interact with and filter data in real-time.
We'll combine everything you've learned to create professional-grade
interactive dashboards. Start by using slicers connected to pivot
tables and pivot charts for quick filtering. Add dropdown lists
using data validation that drive VLOOKUP or INDEX MATCH formulas.
Implement radio buttons and checkboxes for user selections that
control which data series are displayed. Use conditional formatting
to highlight key metrics and create visual alerts. Connect multiple
charts together so selections in one affect displays in others.
Add dynamic titles and labels that change based on user selections.
Design a clean layout with proper spacing, colors, and branding.
The result is a fully interactive dashboard where users can explore
data from multiple angles, drill down into details, and gain insights
without any programming knowledge required to use it. worth and value
as a freelancer or entrepreneur? It's got to be copywriting.
Yes, copywriting. But what exactly is copywriting?
Is it more of an art or a science? And what are the tools,
techniques, and formulas that you will need to know about
in order to really start building momentum as a respected
in-demand copywriter. These are the questions that you often
hear being asked by those who are interested to pursue
copywriting as an exciting career change. And in this
no-nonsense, easy-to-follow masterclass, I'll show you
the exact strategies that I followed to be able to make
huge strides within six months of starting out as a
freelance copywriter. Such accomplishments include becoming
the number one health and wellness copywriter on Google,
being featured in a case study interview with top copywriter
Jacob McMillan. And to get awesome feedback like this
from none other than Craig Clemens, who's made over
$1 billion in sales thanks to the craft of copywriting.
But you may be thinking, what would I actually be learning
about in this course? Well, for a start, you'll get access
to over 60 lessons, each ranging from one to ten minutes
to make them simpler, follow, memorable, and hopefully
motivational for you to go out and take action yourself.
The lessons will cover copywriting essentials, such as
how to write attention-grabbing headlines. The six pillars
of persuasion, psychological triggers, how to find your clients,
as well as copywriting productivity hacks, SEO best practices,
power words, career development, and five hot story structures
that you can use if you're ever out of ideas. So with all
that in mind, let me ask, are you ready to give this a go?
If you are, fantastic. Let's move on from this introduction
and get started with the first lesson. See you soon.
You'll learn how to work with type, how to take advantage
of incredible font features you might not have even known existed.
And everything you need to know get started making selections
and using layer masks. Along the way, you'll complete
some quirky practice projects. Discover a few hidden surprises
and have a fair amount of fun. All the practice files
are included along with a printable cheat sheet
of common photoshop keyboard shortcuts.
By the end of this class, in addition to a profound
sense of accomplishment, you'll have a solid understanding
of photoshop basics and the foundation you need
to tackle whatever you plan to take on next.
So I'm excited for you and the adventure that
you're about to embark on. What are we waiting for?
Meet me in the next video, and let's dive in.